Welcome back.
Let's go ahead and
see the solution for this challenge.
So the first thing I'm gonna do is
I'm going to hop into the CLI and
let's go with NGGC and
I believe I said users, and
as always I like to do a dry run.
So you can see here that because
we have two modules in our route,
we have to be a little bit more specific.
Now let's give this another spin.
Very good.
All right, run this without the flag.
All right, let's hop into our code,
and let us wire this up.
So we go into our app routing module.
We're going to add in a route for
our user.
So, path component.
Users component.
We'll clean this up.
There we go.
And so not too hard, so far,
pretty straightforward.
And then let's go into
our app component dot Ts.
Let me just duplicate this line.
And we're going to go users and
I'm going to guess here.
And assume that there
is an icon called user.
If not, I will come back and fix that.
All right?
So quite possibly in
just a matter of moments,
we may have completed this challenge,
let's go here.
No, no icon.
Let me check here.
We go to app component.
What do we use up here?
Person.
All right.
Not a problem.
We'll just reuse the one from the logout
button, back into our code, there we go.
So we're at home and now we are on user,
active courses, user, and then login.
And so there you have it.
Angular rehtoric fundamentals.
This is the crux of what you're going to
use in most of your day to day work and
I think the Angular team has done a really
good job of really kind of streamlining
a lot of this to wire up.
And I really enjoy or I use quite a bit
the lazy loading module mechanism to
streamline application,
really the performance for the user.
So I think they did a really good job
because that didn't exist for a long time
and now it does and you saw that it was
not too cumbersome to hook that up, so